Mom, something’s burning.
Got it!
Did you brush your teeth yet?
Ah, Mom.
No “ah, Mom.”
We’re running late.
Come on,
go brush your teeth.
Aiden,
are you dressed?
Come here, Baby.
Your shirt is inside out,
Aiden.
OK.
Madison, we have to be
out the door in five minutes.
And your other arm.
Are we good?
Uh-huh.
Let’s go!
OK.
Now, one more time,
what did we learn
from what we read today
in the daily text?
It was about Asaph,
right?
Very good.
And?
We don’t want to envy people
that don’t love Jehovah.
Very good.
So question,
when kids at school do things
that look like fun but we know
that Jehovah doesn’t like,
what should we do?
Pray.
Perfect.
You’re so smart!
OK, come on.
Let’s go to the train.
There are
five more rooms to clean.
The ones that are circled.
Oh, OK.
All right, thanks.
Sure.
Hey, Heather.
Hey, Simmone, I just made some tea.
Would you like some?
Yes, thank you.
Sure.
How’s your day going?
Good.
Did you see Laura’s pictures?
No.
Pictures of what?
Her vacation.
It looks so nice!
That’s great.
Oh, did I tell you?
I’m going away too.
Where are you going?
My boyfriend bought me
an all-inclusive vacation package.
An island retreat sounds
really great right now.
Yeah. Are you going anywhere,
taking any trips?
No, you know, with the kids,
I can’t really afford to do much.
Sorry, just excuse me.
Yeah, sure.
Sometimes,
I just feel so trapped.
I know I need
to keep my life simple
and stay focused
on spiritual things,
but it just seems like
I’m constantly seeing
others around me
being rewarded with nice things,
and I just feel forgotten.
Hmm,
when we discussed
the text this morning on envy,
I never thought
I’d be applying it to myself.
“For I became envious
. . . when I would see
the peace of the wicked.”
What did Aiden say Asaph did
to overcome his envy?
“But as for me,
drawing near to God is good for me.
I have made
the Sovereign Lord Jehovah my refuge.”
That’s right.
He prayed.
And that’s exactly
what I need to do.
“Since even the most loyal
and devoted Christians are imperfect,
“when an appointed servant
makes a mistake,
“let us continue to do
‘all things free from murmurings.’
(Philippians 2:14)”
Due to unforeseen
track maintenance,
there will be delays
on trains 5, 6, and 7.
All uptown stops can expect
30- to 35-minute delays.
Does that mean
we’re going to be late?
Yes.
Yes, we are.
Finish that.
I really appreciate
the scripture
because it helps us to guard
against the spirit of the world.
And how might
these scriptures help us
in choosing our entertainment?
Sister Edwards?
Vampires,
werewolves, witches
are all associated
with the spirit world,
so if our entertainment
involves any of these,
we might meditate
on Psalm 97:10 and ask ourselves,
‘Do I really hate what Jehovah hates?’
Sister Thorne.
And let’s hear
from young Sister Winkler.
Any other thoughts
before we move on?
Ah, Sister Perez.
Excuse me.
Hey, Simmone,
how are you doing?
Good.
How are you, Mattias?
You know, we have
the congregation cleaning tonight.
Any chance you might be able
to take care of the bathrooms?
Uh.
Sure, Mattias,
there’s nothing I’d love to do more.
It’s not like I don’t do enough
of this all day, every day.
Oh, and did I mention
how much I appreciate
all the brothers
not calling on me tonight?
Oh, Honey.
I’m so sorry.
Mommy didn’t mean that.
It’s OK, Mom.
I know you’re tired.
That’s no excuse.
Here, let’s go sit together.
I was just frustrated;
I never should have said that.
You know, on the train,
I was actually listening
to an article about not murmuring
against the elders,
even if they make mistakes.
I guess I should’ve meditated
on that a little more.
Hmm.
Madison,
I want you to know
that our elders
work very, very hard.
Do you remember last week
when they came
for that shepherding visit?
Yeah, Mattias and his wife
brought groceries the next day.
That’s right,
they brought us groceries.
The elders care about us so much,
and they truly deserve our respect.
I never should have said that.
You understand?
I understand.
OK, good girl.
All right,
you know what,
why don’t we finish up
the mirrors together?
Sound good?
All right.
OK.
I’ll get it for you.
Love you, Baby.
Have a good night.
Good night.
See you in the morning.
There’s nothing on.
Wait!
This is the show everyone
at work has been talking about.
It’s supposed to be great,
but it looks really spiritistic.
Vampires,
werewolves, witches
are all associated
with the spirit world,
so if our entertainment
involves any of these,
we might meditate
on Psalm 97:10 and ask ourselves,
‘Do I really hate what Jehovah hates?’
Hmm.
It doesn’t look that bad,
but I know Jehovah
hates spiritism,
and I want to hate
what Jehovah hates.
That verse also says,
‘Jehovah will guard his loyal ones.’
I want to show him that I’m
one of “his loyal ones.”